Prep for release (#251)
CDCgov/ww-inference-model: NEWS.md

# wwinference 0.1.1.99 (dev)

# wwinference 0.1.1

> This release introduces minor changes to the user functionality to improve plotting and pre-processing. It also includes a major change to the default model priors, where we previously had a strong prior on a high degree of infection feedback, this new release reduces the magnitude of that prior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes a change to the default model priors. The previous release had an informative prior on a high magnitude of infection feedback. This release reduces the prior mode and also decreases the degree of prior certainty. This release also includes minor changes to plotting and pre-processing functions designed to make outputs more comprehensive and interpretable.
```
